Update Flow docs, fix typos (#169)
axiomhq/docs: process-data/destinations/s3-compatible.mdx

sidebarTitle: S3-compatible storage
---

> S3-compatible storage are third-party storage systems that implement Amazon S3’s APIs, enabling seamless interoperability with tools and applications built for S3. For example, [MinIO](https://min.io/), [Wasabi](https://wasabi.com/), or [Backblaze](https://www.backblaze.com/).

Author: ```suggestion
S3-compatible storage refers to third-party storage systems that implement Amazon S3’s APIs, enabling seamless interoperability with tools and applications built for S3. For example, [MinIO](https://min.io/), [Wasabi](https://wasabi.com/), or [Backblaze](https://www.backblaze.com/).
```
